# e2e\_dbaas\_postgresql (Data Source)

Provides information about an existing e2e DBaaS PostgreSQL instance.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

```hcl
data "e2e_dbaas_postgresql" "example" {
  location    = "Delhi"
  project_id  = 12345  # Replace with your actual project ID
  id          = 7890   # Replace with your DBaaS instance ID
}
```

## Schema

### Required

* `location` (String) – The location (region) where the DBaaS is deployed.
* `project_id` (String) – Your project ID in which the DBaaS is created. To find the project ID, refer to our [API Documentation](https://docs.e2enetworks.com/api/myaccount/#/paths/pbac-projects-header/get).
* `id` (String) – The ID of the existing PostgreSQL DBaaS instance. To find the DBaaS instance ID, refer to our [API Documentation](https://docs.e2enetworks.com/api/myaccount/#/paths/rds-cluster-Cluster_id-/get).

### Read-Only

* `status` (String) – Current status of the DBaaS instance.
* `status_actions` (List of String) – Possible actions that can be taken on the instance (e.g., start, stop, delete).
* `public_ip` (String) – Public IP address of the DBaaS.
* `private_ip` (String) – Private IP address of the DBaaS.
* `is_public_ip_attached` (Boolean) – Indicates whether a public IP is attached to the DBaaS instance.
* `disk` (String) – Allocated disk size.
* `disk_size` (String) – Size of the attached disk (alias to `disk`).
* `plan` (String) – Plan name of the DBaaS instance.
* `database_version` (String) – Version of the deployed PostgreSQL database.
* `power_status` (String) – Power state of the instance (e.g., running, stopped).
* `parameter_group_id` (Number) – The ID of the parameter group attached to the database.
* `pg_details` (Map of String) – Full detail map of the parameter group associated.
* `database_id` (Number) – Internal ID of the database.
* `database_name` (String) – Name of the database.
* `database_user` (String) – User of the database.
