# generated by [https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs)

page\_title: "e2e\_dbaas\_postgres Resource - terraform-provider-e2e"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

# e2e\_dbaas\_postgres (Resource)

Provides an e2e DBaaS PostgreSQL resource.

This resource allows you to manage PostgreSQL DBaaS on your e2e clusters. When applied, a new PostgreSQL DBaaS is created. When destroyed, this PostgreSQL DBaaS is removed.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

```hcl
resource "e2e_dbaas_postgres" "db1" {
  location           = "Delhi"
  project_id         = 12345
  plan               = "DBS.16GB"
  version            = "15.0"
  name               = "mydbname"
  database {
    user         = "admin"
    password     = "Password"
    name         = "mydb"
    dbaas_number = 1
  }

}

resource "e2e_vpc" "VPC-TS-01" {
  location   = "Delhi"
  vpc_name   = "VPC-TS-01"
  project_id = "your_project_id"
}
```

## Schema

### Required

* `location` (String) The region where the DBaaS will be deployed.
* `project_id` (String) Your project ID.
* `plan` (String) DBaaS plan name (e.g., DBS.16GB).
* `version` (String) PostgreSQL version (e.g., 15.0).
* `name` (String) Name of the DBaaS instance.
* `database` (Block) Contains DB user, password, and name.

### Optional

* `group` (String) Name of the group. Default is "Default".
* `parameter_group_id` (Number) ID of the parameter group.
* `public_ip_required` (Boolean) Whether a public IP should be attached. Default is `true`.
* `detach_public_ip` (Boolean) Set to true to detach public IP.
* `power_status` (String) Indicates power state: `start`, `stop`, or `restart`.
* `size` (Number) Disk storage size for upgrade.
* `vpc_list` (Set of Number) List of VPC IDs to attach.
* `is_encryption_enabled` (Boolean) Whether encryption is enabled. Default is `false`.

### Read-Only

* `id` (String) ID of the DBaaS instance.
* `status` (String) Current status.
* `status_title` (String) Human-readable status.
* `status_actions` (List of String) Allowed operations (e.g., delete, stop, restart).
* `num_instances` (Number) Number of DB instances in the cluster.
* `project_name` (String) Project name.
* `snapshot_exist` (Boolean) Indicates if snapshots exist.
* `connectivity_detail` (String) Read/write point configuration.
* `vector_database_status` (String) Vector database feature state.

<a id="nestedblock--database"></a>

### Nested Schema for `database`

Required:

* `user` (String) Username for the DB.
* `password` (String) Password for the DB user.
* `name` (String) Name of the database.

Optional:

* `dbaas_number` (Number) Number of DBaaS instances. Default is `1`.
